all right David trust me because I'm
won't be long for this band especially
when you're further away and when you've
got the whole this whole Cathedral
atmosphere it's beautiful well I'm just
I'll just play something 15 to 20
minutes yeah that's fine you just tell
me just give me times well let's say
let's say nineteen oh that's very
a dream that the painter Graham Dean had
a confrontation and artistic
confrontation a meeting with the
musician David Rhodes and the idea was
that an audience during a performance
would experience live
Ramdeen painting fall into one of his
paintings and be surrounded at the same
time by the music of David Rhodes
you
I guess for me I'm out of the studio
solo artist works a little zone monk
like in the studio and I'm now
collaborating with all these wonderful
people so that's going to be that's a
huge change for the way I work and I
like that David's different he's always
flattering
and just trying to know how I can fit in
with what grams to react to it but also
have some form
I
you
we're in a delightful square the screen
is unbelievable I mean it says I love
this screen so as soon as I saw my
images on it I like wow this is great
you